
Newsday LLC Privacy Policy

Newsday LLC Mobile Privacy Policy

Newsday LLC ("Newsday" or "we"), the owner and operator of the mobile application that linked you to this policy (the "app"), strives to offer users of mobile applications the many advantages of Internet and mobile technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience on the app. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number or other information about you that could potentially identify you) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. Please note this policy applies only to information collected by Newsday through the app and does not impact information collected or used by Newsday or its Affiliates through other means. 

How we gather information from users.

How we collect and store information depends on your use of the app, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. Most Personally Identifiable Information that we collect is what you tell us about yourself.  For example, certain pages may prompt you to provide information, such as, to the extent applicable to the app, when you register for access to portions of the app, sign up for membership, request certain features (e.g., newsletters, news updates and other products), sign up for a newspaper subscription or make a purchase. You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, voting and polling activities, message boards and chat rooms and other interactive areas of the app, to the extent offered through the app.

Like most apps, this app also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may collect some information on device-level events, such as crashes, and associate that temporarily with your registration account in order to provide customer service.  Most of the other information we collect, such as your device and hardware IDs and device type, the request type, your carrier, your carrier user ID, the content of your request, and basic usage statistics about your device and use of Newsday products and services, does not by itself identify you to Newsday.  In addition, where portions of the app allow you to download and/or personalize the content you receive, we will record information about your downloads and preferences.  Finally, if you use location-enabled products and services, you may be sending us location information, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications, or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information.

What we do with the information we collect.
We will use your information only as permitted by law and as set forth in this policy. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.


We also collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on the app to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, products and services offered by Newsday and other Newsday Affiliates (defined below) and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest.  In some cases we may combine Personally Identifiable Information collected on the app with demographic or other information (such as census records or customer information in our regular business records) to assist with tailoring advertising to your preferences and behaviors, and for other sales and marketing efforts of Newsday and its Affiliates.  We reserve the right to share information with other Newsday business units and any entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Newsday (collectively, "Affiliates"), including without limitation Newsday's and its Affiliates' newspapers, websites programming services and other platforms.

Personally Identifiable Information collected by Newsday may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to app administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the app may access such information. We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, ad serving, shipping, email distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using personal information in any way other than to provide services for Newsday, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes.

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law enforcement authorities. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.

Your choice to opt out.

The quality news and information on the app is supported by advertising revenue and a controlled program of e-mail marketing is an important element of our online publishing business. Like other app publishers, we may permit our advertising and promotional partners to e-mail you about services, features, products, special offers and unique content we believe might interest you. If you prefer not to receive e-mail communications sent directly from our advertisers or promotional partners, you will be given an opportunity to decline before you provide us information we might use for this purpose. If you decline at the time you provide us such information, we will not share the Personally Identifiable Information you provide with non-Affiliate advertisers for such purposes, though we may on occasion send you information on their behalf.

Please note that, in some situations (for example, submitting an entry to a contest or sweepstakes), permitting us to share your Personally Identifiable Information with a non-Affiliate advertiser or sponsor may be a required condition for you to take advantage of certain offers or services on the app.  In such cases, we will advise you of this requirement in the terms and conditions of the specific offer or services (for example, the official rules of a contest or sweepstakes).  Any permission granted to us by you in connection with your taking advantage of such offers or services to share your Personally Identifiable Information takes precedence over any 'opt-out' submitted by you pursuant to the preceding paragraph.  

Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements.

Newsday expects its partners, advertisers and third-party Affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, Affiliates and other content providers accessible through the app, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to the app you may link to, or view as part of a frame on an app page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through the app you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, websites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Newsday is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.


While on our app, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising may be served by third parties, such as ad networks.   These ad networks may collect various non-identifying information, such as your mobile device type, device properties, IP address, video views, ad views, ad clicks, search queries, photo views, and page views, as well as the device identification code and/or the device MAC address.  Ad networks may also combine all of this non-identifying information with other non-identifying information to infer interests or demographic characteristics.  Ad networks may use this information to perform a variety of tasks, such as limiting the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same mobile device (frequency capping), providing an advertisement to only certain types of mobile devices, or providing a reports on the number of its advertisements that were clicked.  Newsday does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. 


If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your option not to accept these cookies, please click here.  If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites, click here.


Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on the app, such as in message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of Newsday and this policy.

Children.

Newsday does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under 13 through the app except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 through the app in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe Newsday has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.


California Privacy Rights

Beginning January 1, 2005, California law permits users of the app who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email or write to us at the contact information below.
Contacting us.
We can be reached by contacting:

Newsday LLC
235 Pinelawn Road
Melville, New York 11747-4250
help@newsday.com		

Changes to this policy.
Newsday reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the app following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.


Governing law.
This policy and the use of the app are governed by New York law. Any claim related to the app or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Nassau or Suffolk Counties, New York, within one year after the claim arises. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of the app consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. The app is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer.

Copyright 2018, Newsday LLC.
Version: January 2017
